This kind of high-quality life,
I saw it in a book before,
I didn’t expect that there would be help in this matter.
It's really, really true,
I'm not just talking about this blade,
How do you feel, it’s really really auxiliary,
If I had these methods,
These thousands of lives, all beaten,
Then I'm very rude,
we listen,
Actually, I came here today to do one more thing for you,
You told me before,
I want you, the Ye family, to get rid of this windy face,
I went back and hurt other members,
These are not impossible
Thank you all
Your shoes in front of me
The application is considered approved, but
This expensive way to compare
You may be prepared
The opposite is true with time
My granddaughter wants shoes
Only then will there be a complete set
Very simple recently
an effect
You will be less distracted